People will be back from today
your little gameplay for you and
freestyle friday number four and im
winter reason fathers this time a good one
gameplay is played by benny action
34 to zero team deathmatch on where hok
with the memory with kempter plays along
specialist 34 00 a bit something
Is that ne knew it was but as always
the gameplay is not in the foreground
He will certainly be happy if he does
his channel is out of checked gameplays
me highscore know him game fields
Something like that then stop by
yes, in any case we have now
since one week back is so
back from the holiday well , there I am already
longer but the holiday is you have too
about both as I have the first one now
you have worked your whole week again
Well done but of course anyway
will be the weekend and this time
not all weather for the first time
actually quite cool but who
It is not the spring that is to blame
The bike I have read here leads
often with blah blah blah no idea
you push the whole shit with sand in
the atmosphere and the vulture knows what
that does not matter
but that's all the same with 1900, by the way
not me at home pretty much
jerseys commercially but not pretty
many jerseys collect nearly one already
you can say a little
that's why perhaps fearing times
be that every friday video here new
We have to look at figures for how long
we persevere
exactly what else happened a week
not much more
is actually pretty much done
been working after
bavaria has played here so some of
you may not know in bavaria
fan will not help put that
comments here
I have always been a little bit since
I can think and then the ball
played against manchester 1 1 0
be satisfied but it should not be
Football talk shit no matter if you
Unfortunately, then, the bag will get understood
We are still here yesterday
rather long, I think that is watched
on a stadium here bavaria basketball
europe as euro league against tel aviv
unfortunately, sad lost
But what to do but because that
first year of the young euroleague and there
you have to be satisfied
but as I said this weekend and
That's why I'll be right on the
beginning with gambling I have mine
yes I dare yesterday because of the even
No time to use my new network
but definitely wants to learn here
exact but the new maps look
and something like that
that will now then in connection
make this video the same
what 's often said 33 asked some
when will it continue?
I did not talk nice to us
both have shown bock finally
to gamble and I hope for that
but he gets together for several weeks together
he pulls more often with kevin
blah-blah
I do not have that much time then should
to introduce such a scheduler if
you can set the dates
but I think such a two hours would be
maybe jump out on the weekend
and then we can do a little bit more
take up
and some still asked if I was
Pain in the pain tournament
if this year I'm doing that
team almost the same so again at
the raiders and only a small change
since this time is playing in the
That's why we have the
unfortunately not there for it but yes
good replacement of the fog smokings with the
State and the lot where we look something
unfortunately we can have a tear
Unfortunately, I do not know what the boys
have no idea you have
already played cards but I still have
no pain felt because
before the 360 ​​now I think so
not again a few weeks
turned
there now must in any case I think
next week is already that
I have to definitely one more
Giving a little gas
practice a bit not that we are to
disgrace
I think we have to lose some luck as well
we do not have that first round
right here on kevin thiemo janssen that
gets pretty annoying
Nevertheless, I am looking forward to it and
let's see if you bock that
derogatory comments
then I will upload the gameplay
We also had the pain tournament
Last year done so
exactly
what's left to say really
not much the gameplay but not at all
so long ago no strike is seen
already reached and the skin then
in or out wittmann 10 i like to come
Unfortunately not to play boxy
I had the week so relative again
I have a lot to do
besides not socially accepting but me
I hope there is war on the line
and can not be there
bring some gameplay next week because
her much power to, for example, right
In any case, that's the same gameplay
to the end and I'm looking forward to the same
to gamble
I would say you have a nice one
weekend and we'll see each other
latest next week with a new one
Video
haut rein in the image